Professor	McGonagall	pulled	out	a	lace	handkerchief	and	dabbed	at	her eyes	beneath	her	spectacles.	Dumbledore	gave	a	great	sniff	as	he	took	a golden	watch	from	his	pocket	and	examined	it.	It	was	a	very	odd	watch.	It	had twelve	hands	but	no	numbers;	instead,	little	planets	were	moving	around	the edge.	It	must	have	made	sense	to	Dumbledore,	though,	because	he	put	it	back in	his	pocket	and	said,	“Hagrid’s	late.	I	suppose	it	was	he	who	told	you	I’d	be here,	by	the	way?” “Yes,”	said	Professor	McGonagall.	“And	I	don’t	suppose	you’re	going	to tell	me	why	you’re	here,	of	all	places?” “I’ve	come	to	bring	Harry	to	his	aunt	and	uncle.	They’re	the	only	family	he has	left	now.” “You	don’t	mean	—	you	can’t	mean	the	people	who	live	here?”	cried Professor	McGonagall,	jumping	to	her	feet	and	pointing	at	number	four. “Dumbledore	—	you	can’t.	I’ve	been	watching	them	all	day.	You	couldn’t find	two	people	who	are	less	like	us.	And	they’ve	got	this	son	—	I	saw	him kicking	his	mother	all	the	way	up	the	street,	screaming	for	sweets.	Harry Potter	come	and	live	here!”“It’s	the	best	place	for	him,”	said	Dumbledore	firmly.	“His	aunt	and	uncle will	be	able	to	explain	everything	to	him	when	he’s	older.	I’ve	written	them	a letter.” “A	letter?”	repeated	Professor	McGonagall	faintly,	sitting	back	down	on	the wall.	“Really,	Dumbledore,	you	think	you	can	explain	all	this	in	a	letter? These	people	will	never	understand	him!	He’ll	be	famous	—	a	legend	—	I wouldn’t	be	surprised	if	today	was	known	as	Harry	Potter	Day	in	the	future —	there	will	be	books	written	about	Harry	—	every	child	in	our	world	will know	his	name!” “Exactly,”	said	Dumbledore,	looking	very	seriously	over	the	top	of	his	halfmoon	glasses.	“It	would	be	enough	to	turn	any	boy’s	head.	Famous	before	he can	walk	and	talk!	Famous	for	something	he	won’t	even	remember!	Can’t	you see	how	much	better	off	he’ll	be,	growing	up	away	from	all	that	until	he’s ready	to	take	it?” Professor	McGonagall	opened	her	mouth,	changed	her	mind,	swallowed, and	then	said,	“Yes	—	yes,	you’re	right,	of	course.	But	how	is	the	boy	getting here,	Dumbledore?”	She	eyed	his	cloak	suddenly	as	though	she	thought	he might	be	hiding	Harry	underneath	it. “Hagrid’s	bringing	him.” “You	think	it	—	wise	—	to	trust	Hagrid	with	something	as	important	as this?” “I	would	trust	Hagrid	with	my	life,”	said	Dumbledore. “I’m	not	saying	his	heart	isn’t	in	the	right	place,”	said	Professor McGonagall	grudgingly,	“but	you	can’t	pretend	he’s	not	careless.	He	does tend	to	—	what	was	that?” A	low	rumbling	sound	had	broken	the	silence	around	them.	It	grew	steadily louder	as	they	looked	up	and	down	the	street	for	some	sign	of	a	headlight;	it swelled	to	a	roar	as	they	both	looked	up	at	the	sky	—	and	a	huge	motorcycle fell	out	of	the	air	and	landed	on	the	road	in	front	of	them. If	the	motorcycle	was	huge,	it	was	nothing	to	the	man	sitting	astride	it.	He was	almost	twice	as	tall	as	a	normal	man	and	at	least	five	times	as	wide.	Helooked	simply	too	big	to	be	allowed,	and	so	wild	—	long	tangles	of	bushy black	hair	and	beard	hid	most	of	his	face,	he	had	hands	the	size	of	trash	can lids,	and	his	feet	in	their	leather	boots	were	like	baby	dolphins.	In	his	vast, muscular	arms	he	was	holding	a	bundle	of	blankets. “Hagrid,”	said	Dumbledore,	sounding	relieved.	“At	last.	And	where	did you	get	that	motorcycle?” “Borrowed	it,	Professor	Dumbledore,	sir,”	said	the	giant,	climbing carefully	off	the	motorcycle	as	he	spoke.	“Young	Sirius	Black	lent	it	to	me. I’ve	got	him,	sir.” “No	problems,	were	there?” “No,	sir	—	house	was	almost	destroyed,	but	I	got	him	out	all	right	before the	Muggles	started	swarmin’	around.	He	fell	asleep	as	we	was	flyin’	over Bristol.” Dumbledore	and	Professor	McGonagall	bent	forward	over	the	bundle	of blankets.	Inside,	just	visible,	was	a	baby	boy,	fast	asleep.	Under	a	tuft	of	jetblack	hair	over	his	forehead	they	could	see	a	curiously	shaped	cut,	like	a	bolt of	lightning. “Is	that	where	—	?”	whispered	Professor	McGonagall. “Yes,”	said	Dumbledore.	“He’ll	have	that	scar	forever.” “Couldn’t	you	do	something	about	it,	Dumbledore?” “Even	if	I	could,	I	wouldn’t.	Scars	can	come	in	handy.	I	have	one	myself above	my	left	knee	that	is	a	perfect	map	of	the	London	Underground.	Well	— give	him	here,	Hagrid	—	we’d	better	get	this	over	with.” Dumbledore	took	Harry	in	his	arms	and	turned	toward	the	Dursleys’	house. “Could	I	—	could	I	say	good-bye	to	him,	sir?”	asked	Hagrid.	He	bent	his great,	shaggy	head	over	Harry	and	gave	him	what	must	have	been	a	very scratchy,	whiskery	kiss.	Then,	suddenly,	Hagrid	let	out	a	howl	like	a	wounded dog. “Shhh!”	hissed	Professor	McGonagall,	“you’ll	wake	the	Muggles!” “S-s-sorry,”	sobbed	Hagrid,	taking	out	a	large,	spotted	handkerchief	andburying	his	face	in	it.	“But	I	c-c-can’t	stand	it	—	Lily	an’	James	dead	—	an’ poor	little	Harry	off	ter	live	with	Muggles	—” “Yes,	yes,	it’s	all	very	sad,	but	get	a	grip	on	yourself,	Hagrid,	or	we’ll	be found,”	Professor	McGonagall	whispered,	patting	Hagrid	gingerly	on	the	arm as	Dumbledore	stepped	over	the	low	garden	wall	and	walked	to	the	front door.	He	laid	Harry	gently	on	the	doorstep,	took	a	letter	out	of	his	cloak, tucked	it	inside	Harry’s	blankets,	and	then	came	back	to	the	other	two.	For	a full	minute	the	three	of	them	stood	and	looked	at	the	little	bundle;	Hagrid’s shoulders	shook,	Professor	McGonagall	blinked	furiously,	and	the	twinkling light	that	usually	shone	from	Dumbledore’s	eyes	seemed	to	have	gone	out. “Well,”	said	Dumbledore	finally,	“that’s	that.	We’ve	no	business	staying here.	We	may	as	well	go	and	join	the	celebrations.” “Yeah,”	said	Hagrid	in	a	very	muffled	voice,	“I’d	best	get	this	bike	away. G’night,	Professor	McGonagall	—	Professor	Dumbledore,	sir.” Wiping	his	streaming	eyes	on	his	jacket	sleeve,	Hagrid	swung	himself	onto the	motorcycle	and	kicked	the	engine	into	life;	with	a	roar	it	rose	into	the	air and	off	into	the	night. “I	shall	see	you	soon,	I	expect,	Professor	McGonagall,”	said	Dumbledore, nodding	to	her.	Professor	McGonagall	blew	her	nose	in	reply. Dumbledore	turned	and	walked	back	down	the	street.	On	the	corner	he stopped	and	took	out	the	silver	Put-Outer.	He	clicked	it	once,	and	twelve	balls of	light	sped	back	to	their	street	lamps	so	that	Privet	Drive	glowed	suddenly orange	and	he	could	make	out	a	tabby	cat	slinking	around	the	corner	at	the other	end	of	the	street.	He	could	just	see	the	bundle	of	blankets	on	the	step	of number	four. “Good	luck,	Harry,”	he	murmured.	He	turned	on	his	heel	and	with	a	swish of	his	cloak,	he	was	gone. A	breeze	ruffled	the	neat	hedges	of	Privet	Drive,	which	lay	silent	and	tidy under	the	inky	sky,	the	very	last	place	you	would	expect	astonishing	things	to happen.	Harry	Potter	rolled	over	inside	his	blankets	without	waking	up.	One small	hand	closed	on	the	letter	beside	him	and	he	slept	on,	not	knowing	hewas	special,	not	knowing	he	was	famous,	not	knowing	he	would	be	woken	in a	few	hours’	time	by	Mrs.	Dursley’s	scream	as	she	opened	the	front	door	to put	out	the	milk	bottles,	nor	that	he	would	spend	the	next	few	weeks	being prodded	and	pinched	by	his	cousin	Dudley.	.	.	.	He	couldn’t	know	that	at	this very	moment,	people	meeting	in	secret	all	over	the	country	were	holding	up their	glasses	and	saying	in	hushed	voices:	“To	Harry	Potter	—	the	boy	who lived!”CHAPTER		TWO THE	VANISHING	GLASS N early	ten	years	had	passed	since	the	Dursleys	had	woken	up	to	find their	nephew	on	the	front	step,	but	Privet	Drive	had	hardly	changed	at all.	The	sun	rose	on	the	same	tidy	front	gardens	and	lit	up	the	brass	number four	on	the	Dursleys’	front	door;	it	crept	into	their	living	room,	which	was almost	exactly	the	same	as	it	had	been	on	the	night	when	Mr.	Dursley	had seen	that	fateful	news	report	about	the	owls.	Only	the	photographs	on	the mantelpiece	really	showed	how	much	time	had	passed.	Ten	years	ago,	there had	been	lots	of	pictures	of	what	looked	like	a	large	pink	beach	ball	wearing different-colored	bonnets	—	but	Dudley	Dursley	was	no	longer	a	baby,	and now	the	photographs	showed	a	large	blond	boy	riding	his	first	bicycle,	on	a carousel	at	the	fair,	playing	a	computer	game	with	his	father,	being	hugged and	kissed	by	his	mother.	The	room	held	no	sign	at	all	that	another	boy	lived in	the	house,	too. Yet	Harry	Potter	was	still	there,	asleep	at	the	moment,	but	not	for	long.	His Aunt	Petunia	was	awake	and	it	was	her	shrill	voice	that	made	the	first	noise	of the	day. “Up!	Get	up!	Now!” Harry	woke	with	a	start.	His	aunt	rapped	on	the	door	again. “Up!”	she	screeched.	Harry	heard	her	walking	toward	the	kitchen	and	then the	sound	of	the	frying	pan	being	put	on	the	stove.	He	rolled	onto	his	back and	tried	to	remember	the	dream	he	had	been	having.	It	had	been	a	good	one.There	had	been	a	flying	motorcycle	in	it.	He	had	a	funny	feeling	he’d	had	the same	dream	before. His	aunt	was	back	outside	the	door. “Are	you	up	yet?”	she	demanded. “Nearly,”	said	Harry. “Well,	get	a	move	on,	I	want	you	to	look	after	the	bacon.	And	don’t	you dare	let	it	burn,	I	want	everything	perfect	on	Duddy’s	birthday.” Harry	groaned. “What	did	you	say?”	his	aunt	snapped	through	the	door. “Nothing,	nothing	.	.	.” Dudley’s	birthday	—	how	could	he	have	forgotten?	Harry	got	slowly	out	of bed	and	started	looking	for	socks.	He	found	a	pair	under	his	bed	and,	after pulling	a	spider	off	one	of	them,	put	them	on.	Harry	was	used	to	spiders, because	the	cupboard	under	the	stairs	was	full	of	them,	and	that	was	where	he slept. When	he	was	dressed	he	went	down	the	hall	into	the	kitchen.	The	table	was almost	hidden	beneath	all	Dudley’s	birthday	presents.	It	looked	as	though Dudley	had	gotten	the	new	computer	he	wanted,	not	to	mention	the	second television	and	the	racing	bike.	Exactly	why	Dudley	wanted	a	racing	bike	was a	mystery	to	Harry,	as	Dudley	was	very	fat	and	hated	exercise	—	unless	of course	it	involved	punching	somebody.	Dudley’s	favorite	punching	bag	was Harry,	but	he	couldn’t	often	catch	him.	Harry	didn’t	look	it,	but	he	was	very fast. Perhaps	it	had	something	to	do	with	living	in	a	dark	cupboard,	but	Harry had	always	been	small	and	skinny	for	his	age.	He	looked	even	smaller	and skinnier	than	he	really	was	because	all	he	had	to	wear	were	old	clothes	of Dudley’s,	and	Dudley	was	about	four	times	bigger	than	he	was.	Harry	had	a thin	face,	knobbly	knees,	black	hair,	and	bright	green	eyes.	He	wore	round glasses	held	together	with	a	lot	of	Scotch	tape	because	of	all	the	times	Dudley had	punched	him	on	the	nose.	The	only	thing	Harry	liked	about	his	own appearance	was	a	very	thin	scar	on	his	forehead	that	was	shaped	like	a	bolt	oflightning.	He	had	had	it	as	long	as	he	could	remember,	and	the	first	question he	could	ever	remember	asking	his	Aunt	Petunia	was	how	he	had	gotten	it. “In	the	car	crash	when	your	parents	died,”	she	had	said.	“And	don’t	ask questions.” Don’t	ask	questions	—	that	was	the	first	rule	for	a	quiet	life	with	the Dursleys. Uncle	Vernon	entered	the	kitchen	as	Harry	was	turning	over	the	bacon. “Comb	your	hair!”	he	barked,	by	way	of	a	morning	greeting. About	once	a	week,	Uncle	Vernon	looked	over	the	top	of	his	newspaper and	shouted	that	Harry	needed	a	haircut.	Harry	must	have	had	more	haircuts than	the	rest	of	the	boys	in	his	class	put	together,	but	it	made	no	difference, his	hair	simply	grew	that	way	—	all	over	the	place. Harry	was	frying	eggs	by	the	time	Dudley	arrived	in	the	kitchen	with	his mother.	Dudley	looked	a	lot	like	Uncle	Vernon.	He	had	a	large	pink	face,	not much	neck,	small,	watery	blue	eyes,	and	thick	blond	hair	that	lay	smoothly	on his	thick,	fat	head.	Aunt	Petunia	often	said	that	Dudley	looked	like	a	baby angel	—	Harry	often	said	that	Dudley	looked	like	a	pig	in	a	wig. Harry	put	the	plates	of	egg	and	bacon	on	the	table,	which	was	difficult	as there	wasn’t	much	room.	Dudley,	meanwhile,	was	counting	his	presents.	His face	fell. “Thirty-six,”	he	said,	looking	up	at	his	mother	and	father.	“That’s	two	less than	last	year.” “Darling,	you	haven’t	counted	Auntie	Marge’s	present,	see,	it’s	here	under this	big	one	from	Mummy	and	Daddy.” “All	right,	thirty-seven	then,”	said	Dudley,	going	red	in	the	face.	Harry, who	could	see	a	huge	Dudley	tantrum	coming	on,	began	wolfing	down	his bacon	as	fast	as	possible	in	case	Dudley	turned	the	table	over. Aunt	Petunia	obviously	scented	danger,	too,	because	she	said	quickly, “And	we’ll	buy	you	another	two	presents	while	we’re	out	today.	How’s	that, popkin?	Two	more	presents.	Is	that	all	right?”Dudley	thought	for	a	moment.	It	looked	like	hard	work.	Finally	he	said slowly,	“So	I’ll	have	thirty	.	.	.	thirty	.	.	.” “Thirty-nine,	sweetums,”	said	Aunt	Petunia. “Oh.”	Dudley	sat	down	heavily	and	grabbed	the	nearest	parcel.	“All	right then.” Uncle	Vernon	chuckled. “Little	tyke	wants	his	money’s	worth,	just	like	his	father.	’Atta	boy, Dudley!”	He	ruffled	Dudley’s	hair. At	that	moment	the	telephone	rang	and	Aunt	Petunia	went	to	answer	it while	Harry	and	Uncle	Vernon	watched	Dudley	unwrap	the	racing	bike,	a video	camera,	a	remote	control	airplane,	sixteen	new	computer	games,	and	a VCR.	He	was	ripping	the	paper	off	a	gold	wristwatch	when	Aunt	Petunia came	back	from	the	telephone	looking	both	angry	and	worried. “Bad	news,	Vernon,”	she	said.	“Mrs.	Figg’s	broken	her	leg.	She	can’t	take him.”	She	jerked	her	head	in	Harry’s	direction. Dudley’s	mouth	fell	open	in	horror,	but	Harry’s	heart	gave	a	leap.	Every year	on	Dudley’s	birthday,	his	parents	took	him	and	a	friend	out	for	the	day,	to adventure	parks,	hamburger	restaurants,	or	the	movies.	Every	year,	Harry	was left	behind	with	Mrs.	Figg,	a	mad	old	lady	who	lived	two	streets	away.	Harry hated	it	there.	The	whole	house	smelled	of	cabbage	and	Mrs.	Figg	made	him look	at	photographs	of	all	the	cats	she’d	ever	owned. “Now	what?”	said	Aunt	Petunia,	looking	furiously	at	Harry	as	though	he’d planned	this.	Harry	knew	he	ought	to	feel	sorry	that	Mrs.	Figg	had	broken	her leg,	but	it	wasn’t	easy	when	he	reminded	himself	it	would	be	a	whole	year before	he	had	to	look	at	Tibbles,	Snowy,	Mr.	Paws,	and	Tufty	again. “We	could	phone	Marge,”	Uncle	Vernon	suggested. “Don’t	be	silly,	Vernon,	she	hates	the	boy.” The	Dursleys	often	spoke	about	Harry	like	this,	as	though	he	wasn’t	there —	or	rather,	as	though	he	was	something	very	nasty	that	couldn’t	understand them,	like	a	slug.“What	about	what’s-her-name,	your	friend	—	Yvonne?” “On	vacation	in	Majorca,”	snapped	Aunt	Petunia. “You	could	just	leave	me	here,”	Harry	put	in	hopefully	(he’d	be	able	to watch	what	he	wanted	on	television	for	a	change	and	maybe	even	have	a	go on	Dudley’s	computer). Aunt	Petunia	looked	as	though	she’d	just	swallowed	a	lemon. “And	come	back	and	find	the	house	in	ruins?”	she	snarled. “I	won’t	blow	up	the	house,”	said	Harry,	but	they	weren’t